README.md, before:

# Q25-Apps and Carriers
A curated list of apps designed for the Zinwa Q25, plus apps that only partially work or don’t work at all.
This list is based on device tester reviews and emulator testing.
If you find an app that doesn’t work as expected, please let me know.

Now Contains Carriers

As the Zinwa Q25 is an Android-based device, most apps should function well. 
However, the primary issue is likely to be the aspect ratio, which may cause some app elements to display incorrectly or appear distorted.

Consider joining the Q25 [Discord Server](https://discord.com/invite/D2P7UqFdXz)

## Carriers Tested
#### If your carrier blocks unknown IMEI Numbers you can always change yours with the Tool that Zinwa Provides. (eg. to a BlackBerry Classic IMEI like [those generated here for testing purposes](https://aidenwtf.github.io/BlackBerry-Classic-IMEI-Generator/) )


| Name | Country | Notes |
|----------|-------------------|-------|
| [Telekom](https://www.telekom.de) | Germany | <p align="center"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/works-88E788" alt="works" /> </p> |
| [Vodafone](https://www.vodafone.de/) | Germany | <p align="center"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/works-88E788" alt="works" /> </p> |
| [Telefonica](https://www.telefonica.de/) | Germany | <p align="center"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/works-88E788" alt="works" /> </p> |
| [T-Mobile](https://www.t-mobile.com/) | USA | <p align="center"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/works-88E788" alt="works" /> </p> |
| [Verizon Mobile](https://www.verizon.com/) | USA | <p align="center"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/works-88E788" alt="works" /> </p> |
| [Mobily](https://www.mobily.com.sa) | Saudi Arabia | <p align="center"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/works-88E788" alt="works" /> </p> |
| [STC](https://www.stc.com.sa) | Saudi Arabia | <p align="center"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/works-88E788" alt="works" /> </p> |
| [Salam](https://dxp.salam.sa) | Saudi Arabia | <p align="center"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/works-88E788" alt="works" /> </p> |

## Apps Built for Q25


| App Name | Short Description | Author |
|----------|-------------------|-------|
| [Google Camera Go](https://amxd.de/GCam.apk) |  <p>Google Camera Port, not specifically built for Q25 but works very well </p>| Google |
| [Q25 Resolution Changer](https://github.com/mybabysexy/q25-res-changer) |  <p>Software for emulating resolutions on the Q25  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Root%20Required-FF0000" alt="Root Required" /> </p>| mybabysexy |
| [Q25 Double Tap Wake Module](https://github.com/mybabysexy/q25-double-tap-wake-module) |  <p>Magisk module that enables double-tap-to-wake (DT2W)  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Root%20Required-FF0000" alt="Root Required" /> </p>| mybabysexy |

<!--
## Apps specifically tested to work with Q25

| App Name | Cetegory | Notes |
|----------|-------------------|-------|
| [Apple Music](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details/Apple_Music?id=com.apple.android.music&hl=gsw) | Music Provider |  |
| [Youtube Music](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.youtube.music&hl=gsw) | Music Provider |  |
| [ChatGPT](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.openai.chatgpt&utm_source=emea_Med) | AI |  |
| [Reddit]((https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.reddit.frontpage&utm_source=emea_Med)) |  |  |
| [Instagram](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.instagram.android&hl=en) | Social Media |  |
| [Naver Whale Browser](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.whale&hl=en) | Browser | Trackpad Support |

| [App Name](https://example.com/app3) | Brief description of the app's purpose and functionality on Q25. | Notes on general compatibility or usage with Q25. |
-->
## Apps Working with Limitations

| App Name | Categoty | Notes |
|----------|-------------------|-------|
| [Google Wallet / Google Pay](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.walletnfcrel&hl=en) | Wallet | <p>Strong Device Integrity needed [Guide](https://xdaforums.com/t/guide-how-to-pass-strong-integrity-on-android-step-by-step-guide.4729435/)  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Root%20Required-FF0000" alt="Root Required" /> </p>|
| [Pixel Play](https://github.com/theovilardo/PixelPlay) | Music Player | Not Optimised for Resolution, Works but needs Scrolling |
<!--| [App Name](https://example.com/app2) | Brief description of the app's purpose and key features, considering Q25 limitations. | Notes on specific limitations or workarounds for Q25 compatibility. | -->
## Apps Not Working with Q25
### There are currently no known Apps
<!--
| App Name | Category | Notes |
|----------|-------------------|-------|
| [App Name](https://example.com/app1) | Brief description of the app's purpose and why it fails on Q25. | Notes on specific compatibility issues or reasons for failure. |-->

Commit message:

Added LED Customizer and Keyboard App

README.md, after:

# Q25-Apps and Carriers
A curated list of apps designed for the Zinwa Q25, plus apps that only partially work or don’t work at all.
This list is based on device tester reviews and emulator testing.
If you find an app that doesn’t work as expected, please let me know.

Now Contains Carriers

As the Zinwa Q25 is an Android-based device, most apps should function well. 
However, the primary issue is likely to be the aspect ratio, which may cause some app elements to display incorrectly or appear distorted.

Consider joining the Q25 [Discord Server](https://discord.com/invite/D2P7UqFdXz)

## Carriers Tested
#### If your carrier blocks unknown IMEI Numbers you can always change yours with the Tool that Zinwa Provides. (eg. to a BlackBerry Classic IMEI like [those generated here for testing purposes](https://aidenwtf.github.io/BlackBerry-Classic-IMEI-Generator/) )


| Name | Country | Notes |
|----------|-------------------|-------|
| [Telekom](https://www.telekom.de) | Germany | <p align="center"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/works-88E788" alt="works" /> </p> |
| [Vodafone](https://www.vodafone.de/) | Germany | <p align="center"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/works-88E788" alt="works" /> </p> |
| [Telefonica](https://www.telefonica.de/) | Germany | <p align="center"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/works-88E788" alt="works" /> </p> |
| [T-Mobile](https://www.t-mobile.com/) | USA | <p align="center"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/works-88E788" alt="works" /> </p> |
| [Verizon Mobile](https://www.verizon.com/) | USA | <p align="center"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/works-88E788" alt="works" /> </p> |
| [Mobily](https://www.mobily.com.sa) | Saudi Arabia | <p align="center"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/works-88E788" alt="works" /> </p> |
| [STC](https://www.stc.com.sa) | Saudi Arabia | <p align="center"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/works-88E788" alt="works" /> </p> |
| [Salam](https://dxp.salam.sa) | Saudi Arabia | <p align="center"> <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/works-88E788" alt="works" /> </p> |

## Apps Built for Q25


| App Name | Short Description | Author |
|----------|-------------------|-------|
| [Google Camera Go](https://amxd.de/GCam.apk) |  <p>Google Camera Port, not specifically built for Q25 but works very well </p>| Google |
| [Q25 Resolution Changer](https://github.com/mybabysexy/q25-res-changer) |  <p>Software for emulating resolutions on the Q25 <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Shizuku%20Supported-4254B6" alt="Shizuku Supported" /> or <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Root%20Required-FF0000" alt="Root Required" /></p>| mybabysexy |
| [Q25 LED Customizer](https://ko-fi.com/s/83fcdbc49f) |  <p>Software for customizing LED light for different apps notification on the Q25  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Root%20Required-FF0000" alt="Root Required" /> </p>| mybabysexy |
| [Q25 Keyboard App](https://ko-fi.com/s/0d833f1e27) |  <p>A custom-designed keyboard for the Q25</p>| mybabysexy |

<!--
## Apps specifically tested to work with Q25

| App Name | Cetegory | Notes |
|----------|-------------------|-------|
| [Apple Music](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details/Apple_Music?id=com.apple.android.music&hl=gsw) | Music Provider |  |
| [Youtube Music](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.youtube.music&hl=gsw) | Music Provider |  |
| [ChatGPT](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.openai.chatgpt&utm_source=emea_Med) | AI |  |
| [Reddit]((https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.reddit.frontpage&utm_source=emea_Med)) |  |  |
| [Instagram](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.instagram.android&hl=en) | Social Media |  |
| [Naver Whale Browser](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.naver.whale&hl=en) | Browser | Trackpad Support |

| [App Name](https://example.com/app3) | Brief description of the app's purpose and functionality on Q25. | Notes on general compatibility or usage with Q25. |
-->
## Apps Working with Limitations

| App Name | Categoty | Notes |
|----------|-------------------|-------|
| [Google Wallet / Google Pay](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.google.android.apps.walletnfcrel&hl=en) | Wallet | <p>Strong Device Integrity needed [Guide](https://xdaforums.com/t/guide-how-to-pass-strong-integrity-on-android-step-by-step-guide.4729435/)  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Root%20Required-FF0000" alt="Root Required" /> </p>|
| [Pixel Play](https://github.com/theovilardo/PixelPlay) | Music Player | Not Optimised for Resolution, Works but needs Scrolling |
<!--| [App Name](https://example.com/app2) | Brief description of the app's purpose and key features, considering Q25 limitations. | Notes on specific limitations or workarounds for Q25 compatibility. | -->
## Apps Not Working with Q25
### There are currently no known Apps
<!--
| App Name | Category | Notes |
|----------|-------------------|-------|
| [App Name](https://example.com/app1) | Brief description of the app's purpose and why it fails on Q25. | Notes on specific compatibility issues or reasons for failure. |-->
